
## Carpool app for DCU students on Android
___

Description
---
This app is for DCU students looking to share a ride with other DCU students built using Django and React Native (expo-cli and TypeScript).
Students can select to go from DCUs campuses to a location or from a location to one of DCUs campuses. Students meet up with other students based on their interests/constraints, by looking at each others profile, and use route, time, and trip constraints.

The intention of the app is to give students another way to socialise or to get to or from DCU.

How it works, drivers would first input their start and destination, then their constraints,
then the app takes that information and shows these drivers to passengers based on both of their constraints, showing the optimal routes.
The passenger would then pick a driver based on those routes and interests/constraints and a request would be sent to the driver which can be accepted or denied.
When a driver accepts a request a ride is shared.

Packages/References
---

### Disclaimer

Some files have been auto-generated by Django, NPM, Expo, and React Native and may have been modified by us.


For example, these include package.json, package-lock.json, manage.py, for Expo for React Native see their docs to see whats auto-generated, and for Django see their docs to see whats auto-generated. 

## Our Files

.gitignore

Backend
 - backend/carpool/views.py
 - backend/carpool/models.py
 - backend/carpool/urls.py
 - backend/carpool/serializers.py
 - backend/carpool/tests.py
 - backend/backend/settings.py
 - backend/backend/urls.py

Frontend 
- frontend/screens/
- frontend/components/
- frontend/reducers/
- frontend/hooks.tsx
- frontend/index.tsx
- frontend/store.ts
- frontend/App.tsx


### Backend

Here are the list of packages that have been used so far for the backend.


>- These can be found in [requirements.txt](src/carpool-app/backend/requirements.txt) in the backend directory in src/carpool-app.

### Frontend

>- For packages used for the frontend in React Native, see [package.json](src/carpool-app/frontend/package.json)